Barclays Online Banking
How to log in using your app ID
Logging in to Online Banking using
your Barclays app ID is quick and easy.
Start by entering your last name
and membership number as normal.
After entering your details, you'll be given the
option to log in to Online Banking using the Barclays app.
Click 'Send notification'.
You'll now need to go to the app
the device is downloaded on.
On the device, tap the message.
Confirm it's you logging in to
Online Banking by tapping 'Confirm'
and you should now be logged in to Online Banking.
But when you return, if you see this screen,
just click 'I've confirmed this' and you're good to go.